.gitattributes
.gitignore
LICENSE
README.md
setup.py
code/README.md
code/exploratory/README.md
code/exploratory/Si_et_al_size_predictions.ipynb
code/exploratory/Untitled.ipynb
code/exploratory/absolute_measurement_comparison.ipynb
code/exploratory/altair-interactive.tpl
code/exploratory/amino_acid_synthesis_pathways.ipynb
code/exploratory/cog_correlations.py
code/exploratory/cog_dashboard.html
code/exploratory/cog_dashboard.py
code/exploratory/cog_dashboard_narrative.html
code/exploratory/cog_dashboard_narrative.ipynb
code/exploratory/counting_molecular_complexes.html
code/exploratory/counting_molecular_complexes.ipynb
code/exploratory/counting_molecular_complexes.pdf
code/exploratory/dataset_comparison_qc.ipynb
code/exploratory/error_estimates.ipynb
code/exploratory/essential_proteome.ipynb
code/exploratory/estimates_ATP_synthase.ipynb
code/exploratory/estimates_SA_V_scaling_energy_nutrients.ipynb
code/exploratory/estimates_complex_translation_times.ipynb
code/exploratory/estimates_complex_translation_times_size.ipynb
code/exploratory/estimates_membrane_proteins.ipynb
code/exploratory/estimates_peptidoglycan_synthesis.ipynb
code/exploratory/estimates_translation.ipynb
code/exploratory/fractional_composition_dashboard.py
code/exploratory/go_terms.csv
code/exploratory/interactive_explorer.ipynb
code/exploratory/predicting_cell_size_mass.ipynb
code/exploratory/schmidt_mass_corrections_analysis.ipynb
code/exploratory/sectors.html
code/exploratory/treemap.html
code/exploratory/treemap.js
code/exploratory/uniprot_process_dashboard.py
code/exploratory/uniprot_process_network.py
code/exploratory/weighted_voronoi_treemap.ipynb
code/exploratory/.ipynb_checkpoints/Untitled-checkpoint.ipynb
code/exploratory/.ipynb_checkpoints/absolute_measurement_comparison-checkpoint.ipynb
code/exploratory/.ipynb_checkpoints/cog_dashboard_narrative-checkpoint.ipynb
code/exploratory/.ipynb_checkpoints/counting_molecular_complexes-checkpoint.ipynb
code/exploratory/.ipynb_checkpoints/dataset_comparison_qc-checkpoint.ipynb
code/exploratory/.ipynb_checkpoints/error_estimates-checkpoint.ipynb
code/exploratory/.ipynb_checkpoints/estimates_complex_translation_times-checkpoint.ipynb
code/exploratory/.ipynb_checkpoints/interactive_explorer-checkpoint.ipynb
code/exploratory/NB_prior_notebooks/2018_RP-requests.ipynb
code/exploratory/NB_prior_notebooks/2018_cell_volume.ipynb
code/exploratory/NB_prior_notebooks/2018_nucleoid_protein_coverage.ipynb
code/exploratory/NB_prior_notebooks/2018_ribosomal_fraction_Hwa_analysis.ipynb
code/exploratory/NB_prior_notebooks/2020_membrane_protein_coverage.ipynb
code/exploratory/NB_prior_notebooks/NBprior2019_regulatory_hints.ipynb
code/exploratory/NB_prior_notebooks/.ipynb_checkpoints/2018_RP-requests-checkpoint.ipynb
code/exploratory/NB_prior_notebooks/.ipynb_checkpoints/2018_ribosomal_fraction_Hwa_analysis-checkpoint.ipynb
code/figures/README.md
code/figures/exploratory/lacY.py
code/figures/exploratory/voronoi_area_diagram.py
code/processing/README.md
code/processing/ecoli_proteome_master.py
code/processing/.ipynb_checkpoints/generate_tidy_data-checkpoint.py
code/processing/collation/assign_go_terms.py
code/processing/collation/collate_absolute_measurements.py
code/processing/collation/collate_data.py
code/processing/database_munging/ecocyc_go_linking.py
code/processing/database_munging/ecoli_cog_gene_linking.py
code/processing/database_munging/ecoli_go_terms.py
code/processing/ecocyc_subunit_munging/generate_tidy_data.py
code/processing/ecocyc_subunit_munging/generate_tidy_data_old.py
code/processing/ecocyc_subunit_munging/munge.py
code/processing/li_2014_munging/generate_tidy_data.py
code/processing/peebo_2015_munging/generate_tidy_data.py
code/processing/schmidt_2016_munging/generate_tidy_data.py
code/processing/schmidt_2016_munging/generate_tidy_data_original.py
code/processing/schmidt_2016_munging/goterm_process_associations.py
code/processing/schmidt_2016_munging/goterm_process_network_generation.py
code/processing/schmidt_2016_munging/parse_go_terms.py
code/processing/schmidt_2016_munging/parse_uniprot_keywords.py
code/processing/schmidt_2016_munging/proteome_sectoring.py
code/processing/schmidt_2016_munging/uniprot_metal_associations.py
code/processing/schmidt_2016_munging/uniprot_process_associations.py
code/processing/schmidt_2016_munging/uniprot_process_condition_linking.py
code/processing/schmidt_2016_munging/uniprot_process_network_generation.py
code/processing/soufi_2015_munging/generate_tidy_data.py
code/processing/taniguchi_2010_munging/generate_tidy_data.py
code/processing/valgepea_2013_munging/generate_tidy_data.py
code/processing/visualization_data_processing/schmidt2016_cog_snakey_linking.py
code/processing/voronoi_maps/generate_maps_tidy.py
code/processing/voronoi_maps/generate_maps_tidy_tree01.py
code/processing/voronoi_maps/generate_maps_tidy_tree2.py
code/processing/voronoi_maps/generate_ref_map_tidy.py
data/COG_ID_org_prot.txt
data/Ecocyc_20200205_All_protein_complexes_of_E._coli_K-12_substr._MG1655.txt
data/Ecocyc_20200205_All_protein_complexes_of_E._coli_K-12_substr_MG1655.csv
data/Li_Cell_2014_tableS1.csv
data/README.md
data/absolute_measurements_go_terms.csv
data/caglar2017_longform_annotated.csv
data/compiled_absolute_go_terms.csv
data/compiled_absolute_measurements.csv
data/compiled_annotated_complexes.csv
data/compiled_datasets.csv
data/compiled_estimate_categories.csv
data/complex_counts.csv
data/ecocyc.gaf
data/ecocyc_20200101.tab.gaf-1
data/ecocyc_TF_EcoCyc_TF_query_20150712.csv
data/ecoli_cog_gene_list.csv
data/ecoli_gene_list_go_cog.csv
data/ecoli_genelist_master.csv
data/ecoli_uniprot_kws.tab
data/escherichia_coli_gene_annotations.csv
data/escherichia_coli_go_terms.csv
data/go-basic.obo
data/go.obo
data/go_biological_processes.csv
data/go_terms.csv
data/goodall_2018_essential_gene_list.csv
data/goterm_process_gene_network.csv
data/li2014_longform_annotated.csv
data/min_complex_counts.csv
data/peebo2015_longform_annotated.csv
data/protein_complexes_MG1655_subunit_numbers.csv
data/proteome_process_sectoring.csv
data/schmidt2016_COG_assignment.csv
data/schmidt2016_cog_class_sectoring.csv
data/schmidt2016_cog_desc_sectoring.csv
data/schmidt2016_cog_gene_sectoring.csv
data/schmidt2016_genes_processes.csv
data/schmidt2016_longform.csv
data/schmidt2016_longform_annotated.csv
data/schmidt2016_uniprot.tab
data/schmidt2016_uniprot_process_gene_sectoring.csv
data/schmidt2016_uniprot_process_sectoring.csv
data/soufi2015_longform_annotated.csv
data/tanguichi2010_longform_annotated.csv
data/tanguichi_2010_Science_tableS6.csv
data/taniguchi2010_longform_annotated.csv
data/uniprot_biological_processes.csv
data/uniprot_cofactors.csv
data/uniprot_keywords.csv
data/uniprot_kwlist.txt
data/uniprot_process_gene_network.csv
data/valgepea2013_longform_annotated.csv
data/caglar2017_raw_data/RefSeq_to_ProtID.tab
data/caglar2017_raw_data/caglar2017_uniprot.tab
data/caglar2017_raw_data/enterez_names.txt
data/caglar2017_raw_data/gene_names.txt
data/caglar2017_raw_data/metaData.csv
data/caglar2017_raw_data/proteinMatrix.csv
data/caglar2017_raw_data/protein_mRNA_dictionary.csv
data/caglar2017_raw_data/protein_tidy_eColi_ez.csv
data/cog_data/amino_acid_transport_metabolism.csv
data/cog_data/carbohydrate_transport_and_metabolism.csv
data/cog_data/cell_cycle_division_chromosome_partitioning.csv
data/cog_data/cell_motility.csv
data/cog_data/cell_wall_membrane_envelope_biogenesis.csv
data/cog_data/coenzyme_transport_metabolism.csv
data/cog_data/defense_mechanisms.csv
data/cog_data/energy_conversion_metabolism.csv
data/cog_data/extracellular_structures.csv
data/cog_data/function_unknown.csv
data/cog_data/general_function_only.csv
data/cog_data/inorganic_ion_transport_metabolism.csv
data/cog_data/intracellular transport.csv
data/cog_data/lipid_transport_metabolism.csv
data/cog_data/mobilome.csv
data/cog_data/nucleotide_transport_metabolism.csv
data/cog_data/posttranslational_modification_turnover_chaperones.csv
data/cog_data/replication_recombination_repair.csv
data/cog_data/rna_processing_repair.csv
data/cog_data/secondary_metabolite_biosynthesis_catabolism.csv
data/cog_data/signal_transduction.csv
data/cog_data/transcription.csv
data/cog_data/translation_ribosomal_structure_biogenesis.csv
data/ecocyc_raw_data/2020-03-04_ecocyc_master.tab
data/ecocyc_raw_data/Copy_of_All_genes_of_E._coli_K-12_substr._MG1655.txt
data/ecocyc_raw_data/Ecocyc_20200205_All_protein_complexes_of_E._coli_K-12_substr._MG1655.txt
data/ecocyc_raw_data/annotated_complexes.csv
data/ecocyc_raw_data/ecocyc_ecoli_genes.txt
data/ecocyc_raw_data/manually_annotated_complexes.csv
data/ishihama2008_raw_data/ishihama2008_counts.csv
data/kegg_raw/eco00001_20200328.keg
data/kegg_raw/eco00001_20200328.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/.DS_Store
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Genetic Information Processing_eco03000_Transcription factors.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Genetic Information Processing_eco03009_Ribosome biogenesis.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Genetic Information Processing_eco03011_Ribosome.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Genetic Information Processing_eco03012_Translation factors.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Genetic Information Processing_eco03016_Transfer RNA biogenesis.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Genetic Information Processing_eco03019_Messenger RNA biogenesis.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Genetic Information Processing_eco03021_Transcription machinery.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Genetic Information Processing_eco03032_DNA replication proteins.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Genetic Information Processing_eco03036_Chromosome and associated proteins.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Genetic Information Processing_eco03110_Chaperones and folding catalysts.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Genetic Information Processing_eco03400_DNA repair and recombination proteins.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Genetic Information Processing_eco04121_Ubiquitin system.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Genetic Information Processing_eco04131_Membrane trafficking.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Metabolism_eco00194_ATP synthase proteins.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Metabolism_eco01001_Protein Kinases.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Metabolism_eco01002_Peptidases and Inhibitors.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Metabolism_eco01003_Glycosyltransferases.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Metabolism_eco01004_Lipid biosynthesis proteins.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Metabolism_eco01005_Lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis proteins.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Metabolism_eco01006_Prenyltransferases.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Metabolism_eco01007_Amino acid related enzymes.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Metabolism_eco01008_Polyketide biosynthesis proteins.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Metabolism_eco01009_Protein Phosphatases and Associated Proteins.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Metabolism_eco01011_Peptidoglycan biosynthesis and degradation proteins.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco00537_Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchored proteins.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco01504_Antimicrobial resistance genes.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco02000_Transporters.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco02022_Two-component system.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco02035_Bacterial motility proteins.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco02042_Bacterial toxins.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco02044_Secretion system.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco02048_Prokaryotic defense system.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco04040_Ion channels.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco04147_Exosome.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/csv/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco04812_Cytoskeleton proteins.csv
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Genetic Information Processing_eco03000_Transcription factors.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Genetic Information Processing_eco03009_ Ribosome biogenesis.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Genetic Information Processing_eco03011_Ribosome.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Genetic Information Processing_eco03012_Translation factors.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Genetic Information Processing_eco03016_Transfer RNA biogenesis.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Genetic Information Processing_eco03019_Messenger RNA biogenesis.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Genetic Information Processing_eco03021_Transcription machinery.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Genetic Information Processing_eco03029_Mitochondrial biogenesis.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Genetic Information Processing_eco03032_DNA replication proteins.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Genetic Information Processing_eco03036_Chromosome and associated proteins.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Genetic Information Processing_eco03051_Proteasome.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Genetic Information Processing_eco03110_Chaperones and folding catalysts.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Genetic Information Processing_eco03400_DNA repair and recombination proteins.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Genetic Information Processing_eco04121_Ubiquitin system.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Genetic Information Processing_eco04131_Membrane trafficking.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Metabolism_eco00194_Photosynthesis proteins.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Metabolism_eco01001_Protein Kinases.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Metabolism_eco01002_Peptidases and Inhibitors.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Metabolism_eco01003_Glycosyltransferases.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Metabolism_eco01004_Lipid biosynthesis proteins.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Metabolism_eco01005_Lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis proteins.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Metabolism_eco01006_Prenyltransferases.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Metabolism_eco01007_Amino acid related enzymes.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Metabolism_eco01008_Polyketide biosynthesis proteins.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Metabolism_eco01009_Protein Phosphatases and Associated Proteins.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Metabolism_eco01011_Peptidoglycan biosynthesis and degradation proteins.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco00537_Glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchored proteins.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco01504_Antimicrobial resistance genes.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco02000_Transporters.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco02022_Two-component system.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco02035_Bacterial motility proteins.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco02042_Bacterial toxins.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco02044_Secretion system.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco02048_Prokaryotic defense system.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco04040_Ion channels.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco04090_CD molecules.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco04147_Exosome.txt
data/kegg_raw/BRITE/raw/Signaling and Cellular Processes_eco04812_Cytoskeleton proteins.txt
data/li2014_raw_data/li2014_synthesis_rates.csv
data/peebo2015_raw_data/.DS_Store
data/peebo2015_raw_data/peebo2014_copynums_minimal.csv
data/peebo2015_raw_data/peebo2014_copynums_rich.csv
data/schmidt2016_raw_data/schmidt2016_correction_factors.csv
data/schmidt2016_raw_data/schmidt2016_dataset.csv
data/schmidt2016_raw_data/schmidt2016_dataset_S9.csv
data/schmidt2016_raw_data/schmidt2016_growth_rates.csv
data/si_2017_raw/si2017_si.csv
data/si_2019_raw/supplemental_MG1655_M9_acetate.csv
data/si_2019_raw/supplemental_MG1655_MOPS_glucose.csv
data/si_2019_raw/supplemental_MG1655_MOPS_glycerol_11aa.csv
data/si_2019_raw/supplemental_NCM3722_MOPS_arginine.csv
data/si_2019_raw/supplemental_NCM3722_MOPS_glucose.csv
data/si_2019_raw/supplemental_NCM3722_MOPS_glucose_12aa.csv
data/soufi2015_raw_data/soufi2015_tp3_counts.csv
data/taheri_araghi_2015_raw/Taheri-Araghi_2015_TSB.txt
data/taheri_araghi_2015_raw/Taheri-Araghi_2015_glucose.txt
data/taheri_araghi_2015_raw/Taheri-Araghi_2015_glucose_12aa.txt
data/taheri_araghi_2015_raw/Taheri-Araghi_2015_glucose_6aa.txt
data/taheri_araghi_2015_raw/Taheri-Araghi_2015_glycerol.txt
data/taheri_araghi_2015_raw/Taheri-Araghi_2015_sorbitol.txt
data/taheri_araghi_2015_raw/Taheri-Araghi_2015_synthetic_rich.txt
data/tanguichi2010_raw_data/tanguichi2010_counts.csv
data/taniguchi2010_raw_data/taniguchi2010_counts.csv
data/taniguchi2010_raw_data/taniguichi_2010_Science_tableS6.csv
data/valgepea2013_raw_data/valgepea2013_copynums.csv
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_Schmidt_glucose.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_li_2014_MOPS complete_1.93_ref.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_li_2014_MOPS complete_1.93_ref_.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_42C_0.66_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_acetate_0.3_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_chemostat_u0.12_0.12.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_chemostat_u0.2_0.2_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_chemostat_u0.35_0.35_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_chemostat_u0.5_0.5.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_chemostat_u0.5_0.5_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_fructose_0.65.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_fumarate_0.42_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_galactose_0.26_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_glucosamine_0.46_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_glucose_0.58_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_glucose_0.58_ref_.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_glucose_0.58_ref_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_glycerol_0.47.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_glycerol_0.47_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_glycerol_pAA_1.27.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_lb_miller_1.9_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_mannose_0.47_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_osmotic_stress_glucose_0.55_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_pH6_0.63_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_pyruvate_0.4_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_succinate_0.44_complete.geojson
data/voronoi_map_data/treemap_schmidt_2016_xylose_0.55.geojson
docs/manuscript/draft.pdf
docs/manuscript/eLife_draft.pdf
docs/manuscript/eLife_draft.suppinfo
docs/manuscript/eLife_draft.synctex.gz
docs/manuscript/eLife_draft.tex
docs/manuscript/elife.cls
docs/manuscript/library.bib
docs/manuscript/section_01_introduction.tex
docs/manuscript/section_04_energy.tex
docs/manuscript/section_05_membrane.tex
docs/manuscript/section_06_DNA.tex
docs/manuscript/section_07_RNA.tex
docs/manuscript/section_08_translation.tex
docs/manuscript/main_figs/DNA_synthesis.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/RNA_synthesis.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/carbon_transport.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/cell_wall_peptidoglycan.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/energy_production.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/fig2_carbon_transport.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/fig2_transport_systems.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/fig3_induced_expression.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/fig3_phospho_sulfo_transport.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/fig3_phospho_sulfo_transport_scaling.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/fig4_energy_production.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/fig5_energy_SV_scaling.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/fig7_ribosome_growth_limit.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/fig7_ribosome_growth_limit_2.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/protein_synthesis.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/schematic_categories.pdf
docs/manuscript/main_figs/synthesis_times.pdf
docs/planning/planning.pdf
docs/planning/planning.spl
docs/planning/planning.synctex.gz
docs/planning/planning.tex
docs/planning/point_v_continuum.pdf
docs/planning/point_v_continuum.synctex.gz
docs/planning/point_v_continuum.tex
figures/COG_category_mass.png
figures/DNA_polymerase_plots.pdf
figures/DNA_polymerase_plots.svg
figures/DNA_synthesis.pdf
figures/RNAP_conc.pdf
figures/RNAP_sub_sig_trend.pdf
figures/RNAP_trend.pdf
figures/RNA_synthesis.pdf
figures/RNA_synthesis_plots.svg
figures/all_sig_trend.pdf
figures/all_sugar_transporters.pdf
figures/annotated_growth_dependent_categories.pdf
figures/atp_synthase_ETC_ratio.pdf
figures/carbohydrate_tporters_plots.svg
figures/carbohydrate_transport_detailed.pdf
figures/carbon_transport.pdf
figures/categories.pdf
figures/cell_wall_peptidoglycan.pdf
figures/cog_mass_copynumber.png
figures/complex_explorer.html
figures/dNTP_plots.svg
figures/dataset_comparison.pdf
figures/dataset_corrections.pdf
figures/dataset_correlations.pdf
figures/dataset_upset_diagram.pdf
figures/dataset_venn.ai
figures/diagrammed_estimates.pdf
figures/division_time_scales.pdf
figures/dna_pol.html
figures/dna_polymerase_III.svg
figures/dnap_trend.pdf
figures/energy_estimate_SV_scaling_plots_gridspec.pdf
figures/energy_estimate_plots.svg
figures/energy_production.pdf
figures/energy_production_scaling.pdf
figures/estimate_table.pdf
figures/estimation_categories.pdf
figures/f1f0_atp_synthase.html
figures/glucose_transporters.html
figures/glucose_transporters.svg
figures/growth_dependent_categories.pdf
figures/induced_expression.pdf
figures/induced_expression.svg
figures/info_metab_mass_fraction.html
figures/info_metab_mass_fraction.png
figures/intersections.pdf
figures/intersections.svg
figures/lipid_syntheis_plots.svg
figures/lipid_synthesis_plots.svg
figures/mass_predictions.pdf
figures/microscopic_agreement.pdf
figures/phosphate_continuum_estimate.pdf
figures/phosphate_point_estimate.pdf
figures/phosphate_transporters_plot.svg
figures/phospho_tport_scaling_plot.pdf
figures/protein_synthesis.pdf
figures/ribonucleo_reductase.svg
figures/ribosome_plos.svg
figures/ribosome_plot.svg
figures/ribosome_trend.pdf
figures/ribosome_trna_ratio.pdf
figures/rnap.html
figures/rnap_sigmafactor_ratio.pdf
figures/rnr_trend.pdf
figures/schematic_categories.ai
figures/schmidt_estimate_protein_RNA_DNA_corrections.pdf
figures/schmidt_protein_corrections.pdf
figures/schmidt_protein_estimate_basan.pdf
figures/sector_comparison.pdf
figures/sig70_trend.pdf
figures/sigmafactor_trend.pdf
figures/subunit_difference_ribosome.pdf
figures/subunit_differences.pdf
figures/sulfate_tporters_plots.svg
figures/supplemental_cell_volumes.pdf
figures/synthesis_times.svg
figures/tRNA_synthase_dependence.pdf
figures/tRNA_synthase_plot.svg
figures/total_protein_mass.html
figures/tport_system_scaling.pdf
figures/transporters.pdf
figures/water_transporters.svg
figures/SI/aa_limitation_2.pdf
figures/SI/data_corrections_summary.py
figures/SI/dataset_correlations.py
figures/SI/estimates_translation_data.pdf
figures/SI/estimates_translation_data_dai.pdf
figures/SI/estimates_translation_maxRate_data.pdf
figures/SI/estimates_translation_maxTime_data.pdf
figures/SI/estimates_translation_ribo_frac.pdf
figures/SI/estimates_translation_toy_1.pdf
figures/SI/estimates_translation_toy_2.pdf
figures/SI/estimates_translation_translation_rate.pdf
figures/SI/estimates_translation_volume.pdf
figures/SI/mass_expectations.py
prot/README.md
prot/__init__.py
prot/size.py
prot/stats.py
prot/viz.py
prot/voronoimap.py
prot.egg-info/PKG-INFO
prot.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
prot.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
prot.egg-info/top_level.txt
prot/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc
prot/__pycache__/stats.cpython-37.pyc
prot/__pycache__/viz.cpython-37.pyc
prot/figs/biological_process_dashboard.html
prot/figs/fractional_composition_dashboard.html
prot/figs/uniprot_process_gene_network.html