{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh4780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ROUND 1\
\
line 39 and 40: I don\'92t like \'93pass back and forth\'94 as it makes it sound like these two approaches are separate rather than entangled. Maybe \'93In this paper, we use quantitative analysis of a variety of proteomic data sets to inform order-of-magnitude estimates\'85\'94\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \
\
***** paragraph starting line 43: The terms \'93hypothesis\'94 and \'93estimate\'94 are conflated throughout, and to me it is not really four separate hypotheses that you are testing. I think that you have just one overarching hypothesis; (#1) that a single category of bacterial life processes sets the rate of cell division over all (or at least most of) the range of observable growth rates. You use a series of quantitative estimates, informed by the quantitative proteomic data, to test the plausibility of various candidates for being this single rate-limiting process (but these are not different *hypotheses*, just different *candidates*). The alternative hypothesis would be that there is no single rate-determining process (i.e. that completely different processes are limiting in different growth regimes). Secondarily, (#2) you also hypothesize that cells might scale their expression levels of lots of things as a function of growth rate so that they don\'92t typically carry around lots of stuff that they don\'92t need (\'93in excess of what would be minimally required to support growth at the observed rates\'94 if you like my phrasing above).\'a0\
\
**** line 61: I don\'92t like the phrase \'93scratch off hypotheses\'94 at all. I think this could be rephrased as finding that translation "emerges as the most plausible candidate\'85\'94. All of these estimates aim toward establishing plausibility, but none of them can really \'93rule out\'94 a hypothesis in the traditional sense.\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 In the end you find that (for #1) translation appears to be the best candidate for a single fundamental process that generally sets cell growth rate over a large experimentally observable range (and is also the best candidate for setting the absolute speed limit at 6 minutes), and (for #2) copy numbers of many things are scaled pretty reasonably so that you usually have about enough, but in some cases like glucose transporters and energy generation machines there seem to be a lot of excess copies hanging around at slow growth rates, and furthermore there are interesting subtleties about things like induction of transporters for specific sugars.\'a0\
\
\
line 67: RNA:protein ratio should cite Bremer & Dennis as well as Scott et al. The citation for Bremer & Dennis looks funny; is this the correct format for an on-line book?\
\
\
***** line 68: The connection with cell size could be stated more clearly, as this ends up taking up a fair amount of real estate in the paper. Maybe add something like, \'93Our identification of translation as the most plausible candidate for the universal rate-determining process setting bacterial cell division time under a wide range of nutrient conditions also enables us to suggest that the long-observed correlation between growth rate and cell size (cite Schaechter et al. 1958, Si et al. 2017) can be simply attributed to the increased absolute number of ribosomes per cell under conditions supporting extremely rapid growth."\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \
\
\
Figure 1: dNTP synthesis cartoon is misleading because it makes it look like the function of the reductase is to stick three free-floating phosphates onto a nucleoside (=base plus sugar). Ribonucleotide reductase only works on NDP substrates, converts NDP to dNDP, then a separate kinase puts on the third phosphate, from ATP, not from free phosphate. I recommend redrawing the cartoon so that the substrate is a big blue ball (indicating base + sugar, as currently) with two little pale pink phosphates and the product is a ball of a different color (green? purple?) that still has two little pale pink phosphates, where the color change indicates the conversion (reduction) of ribose to deoxyribose.\
\
\
**** Indeed, you could even think of having four larger \'93group labels\'94 for the quadrants of the figure to match the text: \'93Nutrient Uptake\'94, \'93Cell Envelope Synthesis\'94, \'93Energy Production\'94 and \'93Central Dogma\'94, as a guide to the reader of how the rest will be organized. This would also work well with the existing text on lines 46-58 that lays out your four classes of candidates.\
\
____________________________\
\
LINE ~62. We say we systematically scratch off list of possible bottlenecks. It might not be clear to the reader what it means to be a bottleneck at this point.\
\
\
____________________________\
\
Intro or opening section should have rules of engagement on significant figures. You need to explain way errors in data and uncertainties in estimates are handled. \
\
You might want to alert the reader to the constant use of BNID and what they are.\
\
\
____________________________\
\
\
Early on, might want to connect to the Neidhart article on \'91our obsession with dN/dt\'92\
\
\
In introduction, suggest ending with some final sentence / paragraph about the power of biological numeracy and demanding quantitative agreement between our biochemical picture of the cell.\
\
____________________________\
\
Consider adding in intro something like \'91IF we don\'92t understand quantitatively, we don\'92t understand\'92\
\
Add Q. To what extend does the cell balance itself such that no process is limiting.\
\
Number formatting. Prefer 1x10^10 and not 10^10.\
\
Need some kind of rubric for how to state numbers of different precision. }